[Music]
hey guys welcome back to a brand new
video where today we are now going back
to the gambling so this is skin hub calm
official as you can see and I'm gonna go
into full screen so you guys are guys
see all that stuff but once again if you
put skin hub calm and your name you're
gonna get an extra 25% extra I guess and
no this is not a sponsored video once
again I'm just a gambling addict and so
I put fifteen dollars in and then
referral code Kyle
17 that is it you'll get a free dollar
to $0.50 for free when you come into the
website so that's a good start for you
guys I can't Oh get some money and make
some more videos for you guys but you
guys also come out here and you guys get
your own money so what this website is
is it has everything from cases as you
can see here and then our favorite
little game the upgrade so this
upgrading one looks a little different
so you can either use your funds like
this or you can select an item from your
inventory which yeah I don't have any
items so it doesn't use this I just like
like news bounce oh now you find item
hey I'm trying to put $5.00 on to this
bet so that means I see an item right
here like this m4a4 x-ray now I am going
to go ahead and I'm gonna put five I'm
gonna go a little lower and auras box I
have 79 percent chance to win this item
pretty much and go up so basically this
is the whole idea love the thing and
we're gonna go five dollars a knife and
we're hopefully just gonna get a bunch
of items and we're gonna work all the
way up 79 percent chance to this
websites better the other one you can
only go to 75 and over that like you
can't go like you can't have any more
than 75% this one you can so without
further ado I'm just actually going to
get right into it I may as well this is
the animation on here goes
oh-oh-oh-oh line
oh hi guys I'll be right back it's going
through my speakers that scared the hell
out of me
all righty then boy so you probably
heard an echo there on that one um it
went right through my speakers and you
guys heard that loud as day oh I
apologize
that's and so I don't know where my
items go after I win them but I did
notice I just won this one see I'm gonna
go ahead throw five dollars on this
p2000 fire elemental that's 73 percent
chan ready here we go
all right cool cool cool cool so now we
have that item now we have five dollars
and 54 cents left so I'm basically just
gonna go ahead and I'm gonna find this
guy now like look at this field-tested
sigh wrexham bro whoa 675 I can't oh
let's see 552 up a little bit so it
looks like it's right in between solo a
72% chance pretty good we're going for
it probably lose one oh look at that
slowly alright guys so I got to work and
now basically the basis of this website
is like you can see the items I throw in
here and now that I have this I'm
actually keep going up here keep going
up here and you see how that's seven
dollars I can go ahead and basic click
on something like this other cyrix and
71% chance and I can click upgrade and
hopefully go to the minimal where one
which is what I'm hoping to do and of
course I lose oh now we're out money
which kind of sucks what this is fine
where you have two other skins that
we're gonna hopefully go up from and I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna play this too
crazy I'm actually gonna take my time so
this wasteland rebel is a pretty
good-looking skin I think so I'm gonna
go ahead and upgrade to that one and we
lose alright cool so well cool umm fast
videos looking like um this one's five
point eight four let me go down anybody
give me some better percent hot so uh
look I see you guys what I'm talking
about going eighty five percent eighty
three percent chance so I'm gonna go to
83 percent chance I don't want to lose
this skin I want to keep this video
going a little bit
you item oh whoa whoa okay I can claim
our consult right back to the website
about money laughs no I'm just gonna go
ahead and cook use this item and then I
go back descending and I'm gonna upgrade
to that and there we go except looks
like this is our next desired item here
that we're trading up to 77 77 I like
the odds
look at that back to upgrades and now
we're up to 867 so we're down from 15
actually up to 867 Godsey the other
website go for this and we win we go now
we're up to $10 now see if I was smart I
would just get up to what I had a really
bad oh what a knife I probably won't
happen I like this factory-new Miccio
dragon it's clearly the better out here
and we're going in and out this let's go
all right all right all right all right
cool cool
all right now we're up here it means
we're going for it going for the
electric I've
alright guys so uh that is the video and
I actually don't think I'm gonna go
ahead and put anything else on this
website I kind of feel screwed but if
you guys like the video skin hub doesn't
look like a good website put $15 in and
I didn't get anything so you guys
enjoyed go ahead drop a like down below
leave a comment and I'll see you guys in
the next video I hope you guys are
liking these actually these I cost me
money out of my day and me working and
so and so forth but without further ado
guys I'll see you in the next video
peace